Fast AF whole wheat Pizza x2:

Sauce: Prepare ahead of time, or use alternative pizza pie fillings as in pic related.

Easy canned recipe:
Sautee 1/2 medium yellow or white onion in 1-2tbsp olive oil over medium heat.  When onions begin to brown slightly add 2cloves minced garlic, and 1/2tsp salt.  Sautee for 2-3min longer and add:
6-8oz can tomato paste, 10-14oz can diced tomatoes.
1tbsp oregano, 1tsp basil, 1/2 tsp thyme (optional), 1/4tsp black pepper (fresh ground if available).  Cover & Simmer for 10-15min on med-low heat stirring occasionally.

dough:
combine 2 1/4 tsp yeast (1pkg) with 1 1/4c lukewarm (bath temp) water (20-40sec in microwave, not too hot to leave finger in).  Add 1 - 2 tsp sugar & mix with a fork or small whisk well, then let "proof" (should form a head in 5-10min).

In a large (mixing) bowl combine:
2c bleached white all purpose flour
1c whole wheat flour (or another cup white flour)
1tsp salt

In the mixing bowl of wake a well (depression in the center, push ingredients to sides).  Once yeast has proofed add water / sugar / yeast mixture.  Add 1/4c olive oil ( [extra] virgin if you got it, but I prefer regular ol' slutty olive oil for more olive taste). Mix with whisk or beater in center on med-low.  Slowly bring in more dry flour from edges over 2-3 min. of mixing.  The aim is to get the wet ingredients mixed well with some of the flour in a soupy state. Stop mixing when too thick for mixer.

Use a large (wooden) spoon to fold in more flour 1/4c at a time.  Kneed dough in bowl or floured surface until elastic. (takes about 1+ additional cup of white flour. 

sprinkle the dough with 2-3tbsp olive oil and divide in half.  Form into round balls & place both in a covered bowl (ensure touching surfaces are well oiled).  Let rise for 5-10min.

Preheat oven to 425 F (or equivalent muggle heat scale, protip: metric system is for brainwashed fools).

Prepare toppings.  If sauce is omitted (as in pic related) combine 1c freshly chopped bell peppers, 1c chopped onions, 1/4c diced sundried tomatoes, 1/4c fresh basil minced, 3-4cloves garlic minced, 2c browned Italian sausage.  This mixture will be used instead of sauce (fresher tasting and faster to make).

Once dough has risen, place 1bsp oil on a pizza pan (no one of the soykafty ones with holes in it for frozen pizza, a glass or metal pan).  If using a preheated pizza stone instead sprinkle liberally with cornmeal.  Remove 1/2 dough (1 ball) and hand stretch into pizza shape.  Try not to touch the edges at all, press only the interior and the "crust" will be made of the fluffy part you didn't press.

Use a fork to poke holes in the crust ever 2in to ensure it doesn't bubble up when baking.

Top the crust with sauce or sausage / veggies mixture using the back of a large spoon to smooth out the ingredients.  Too much and it won't cook evenly.  Top this with mozzarella cheese and optionally sliced pepperoni and/or other pizza toppings.  add a sprinkle on top of cheese (Mozzarella or Parmesan) to glue the toppings to the rest.  Add a bit of oregano/basil/thyme, black pepper and garlic (or garlic powder) as an aromatic on top.

Bake in the oven @425 for ~15-20 min or until crust is golden and cheese is browning in spots.  While one pizza is baking, stretch and top the other one.  Baking two pizzas at once requires moving them around 1/2 way through unless you have a convection oven.  Recommended to just bake one at a time unless well practiced.

Let cool for 5min before slicing.  Makes 2 medium pizzas in about 45min to 1hr, start to finish.  I usually win the race if neighbors order pizza and I start cooking right then.

Enjoy fresh homemade pizza, better tasting and cheaper than anything else.

Note: the crust for this recipe is low-gluten (not as stretchy as the crust you throw).  The crust is crisp and not very greasy.  To make greasy pan-pizza use well oiled 9x13 inch pans and increase water to 1 2/3 c (add more flour during kneeding).   For thin crust use a large pan and floured roller or reduce water to 1c with medium / small pans.  For medium stuffed crust use 1 2/3rd C water, roll or stretch dough 2in larger than pan, place on pan then add cheese / stuffed crust fillings around edges and fold dough over, sealing edges with a large fork.  brush crust with butter & garlic @ 12min baking for golden garlic bread crust.

Margarita Pizza (named after Princess Margherita): Only uses red, green & white ingredients:  Prepare crust as above.  Chop 1/4c fresh basil, 2/3c onion.  Remove seeds from tomatoes, drain then cut flesh into 1/4in squares (1 1/2 c), Mince 2cloves garlic and toss with other toppings.  Spread thinly and evenly over crust then sprinkle a thin layer of mozzarella cheese before baking.  Cooks in 15-17min @ 425 C.
